[Sample] [Graphics] - Implementation of "Displaying UltraHDR (Fresco) & (Coil)" (#86)
android/platform-samples: samples/README.md

# Available Samples

> - [](user-interface/predictiveback/src/main/java/com/example/platform/ui/predictiveback/PBHostingActivity.kt):

Reviewer: Remove this line as it's not part of this PR

Author: Resolved

Demonstrates how to implement data access auditing for your app to identify 
- [Displaying UltraHDR](graphics/ultrahdr/src/main/java/com/example/platform/graphics/ultrahdr/display/DisplayingUltraHDR.kt):
This sample demonstrates displaying an UltraHDR image.
- [Displaying UltraHDR (3P Libraries)](graphics/ultrahdr/src/main/java/com/example/platform/graphics/ultrahdr/display/DisplayingUltraHDRUsing3PLibrary.kt):

> This sample demonstrates using the various popular image loading library to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample demonstrates using the various popular image loading libraries to display Ultra HDR images
```
